♪
c0000001
Now I see why the Ruins
of the King's Tomb
c0000002
have never been conquered.
c0000003
[WIRBEL] I can't say
I expected to encounter
c0000004
such handsome opponents.
c0000005
♪
c0000006
I wonder.
Can our group handle her?
c0000007
♪
c0000008
There's only one thing
I know for sure.
c0000009
If this weren't a trial,
I would have shattered
c0000010
my bottle and retreated
a long time ago.
c0000011
♪
c0000012
[GENAU]
The lord of that dungeon
c0000013
is a force to be reckoned with.
c0000014
We call it the Spiegel,
c0000015
or the water-mirror fiend.
c0000016
You may know it from Ewig
the Sage's heroic tales.
c0000017
It's existed
since the mythical era.
c0000018
♪
c0000019
[GENAU] We believe that
it can read the memories
c0000020
of all those foolish enough
to enter its dungeon.
c0000021
It then utilizes
this information
c0000022
to make perfect replicas
of its targets.
c0000023
As you're aware,
there are monsters
c0000024
in the modern era
with similar powers,
c0000025
such as the Einsam.
c0000026
But Spiegel's copies are exact.
c0000027
They have physical substance,
c0000028
and even go so far
as to reproduce
c0000029
the target's strength,
mana, and their techniques.
c0000030
This monster is the reason
c0000031
the Ruins of the King's Tomb
remain unconquered.
c0000032
Quite the spot for an exam.
c0000033
Do you know
why Sense selected it?
c0000034
Each mage is a perfectly
even match to their double.
c0000035
Defeating it would require
a level head.
c0000036
Teamwork and deep self-analysis
are the keys to victory.
c0000037
♪
c0000038
This test is just
the sort of thing
c0000039
a pacifist like her
would put together.
c0000040
♪
c0000041
[DENKEN] That's no good.
c0000042
Retreat at once!
c0000043
[thuds]
c0000044
c0000045
Denken!
c0000046
[DENKEN] Now, then.
c0000047
What are we going
to do about her?
c0000048
[UBEL] This end's deader
than you're gonna be.
c0000049
Seems you and I
are cornered, friend.
c0000050
[sighs]
c0000051
[clinking]
c0000052
Hey, four-eyes.
c0000053
I have a life-saving question
c0000054
that only a cloning
magic specialist could answer.
c0000055
Do you know one?
c0000056
I clearly have two eyes
and I've repeatedly told you
c0000057
my name is Land.
c0000058
Fine. What is it
you want to know?
c0000059
Madame copy-cat over there.
c0000060
How exact of a replica
do you think
c0000061
something like her could be?
c0000062
Well, Ubel. You're chatty.
c0000063
You run your mouth even during
the heat of combat, don't you?
c0000064
It's as if you'd die
if you ever shut up.
c0000065
You're getting
to know me well, huh?
c0000066
I think you're right.
I would keel over.
c0000067
But that me's quiet.
c0000068
Does that mean she hasn't
copied my memories
c0000069
or winning personality?
c0000070
Doubtful.
c0000071
It's likely just
incapable of speech.
c0000072
During the initial attack,
c0000073
it was less concerned
with dealing a fatal blow
c0000074
and more interested in swiping
my escape golem.
c0000075
♪
c0000076
Which is what I'd do.
c0000077
Copycat's a woman
after my own heart.
c0000078
We can infer it knows
about our powers, as well.
c0000079
It was quick to corner us
c0000080
but is evidently
hesitant to attack.
c0000081
I'd wager it's wary of being
trapped by your Sorganeil.
c0000082
Yeah, maybe.
c0000083
That, or she's getting a kick
out of tormenting us.
c0000084
[chuckles]
c0000085
Not fun, huh?
c0000086
♪
c0000087
That's an awful lot of blood.
c0000088
Keep sitting around
c0000089
and you'll be dried up
before you know it.
c0000090
I'm well aware.
c0000091
Care if I ask
one last question?
c0000092
Am I talking to the real you
or a phony?
c0000093
♪
c0000094
Interesting.
c0000095
Who knows.
c0000096
Right.
c0000097
♪
c0000098
You can take mine, bloody boy.
c0000099
♪
c0000100
I think you might need that
c0000101
if you wish
to survive the test.
c0000102
Oh?
c0000103
Well.
c0000104
In that case, wait here.
c0000105
I'll see ya soon, four-eyes.
c0000106
Huh.
c0000107
I guess someone's
gotta get your bottle.
c0000108
[LAND] Hey. Wait!
c0000109
[rumbling]
c0000110
♪
c0000111
[UBEL] Oh. I expected her
to close the gap.
c0000112
To beat her to Sorganeil,
I need her far enough
c0000113
so that I can see all of her,
but not the other way around.
c0000114
[clanging]
c0000115
[UBEL] Whoever miscalculates
that distance first will lose.
c0000116
-[Ubel grunts]
-[clanging]
c0000117
[thudding]
c0000118
[UBEL] If we're evenly matched,
c0000119
victory will be
decided by luck.
c0000120
Lady luck
has never been my fan.
c0000121
I largely avoid
contests like this.
c0000122
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
c0000123
[UBEL] Meaning I have no desire
whatsoever to fight myself.
c0000124
Poor darling.
c0000125
You want me to put you
out of your misery, huh?
c0000126
[thumps]
c0000127
♪
c0000128
[UBEL] My luck
is always terrible.
c0000129
That's why I didn't
want to do this.
c0000130
[thud]
c0000131
Alas.
c0000132
It appears that your luck
is somehow even worse
c0000133
than the original's.
c0000134
That was quick!
c0000135
My four-eyes in shining armor!
c0000136
[shattering]
c0000137
[thudding]
c0000138
Oh!
c0000139
So, not even your escape bottle
was the real deal.
c0000140
[LAND] Ubel.
c0000141
You knew that I was using
a clone the entire time,
c0000142
so why would you risk
your life like that?
c0000143
We're good pals now, four-eyes.
c0000144
I trusted you would
come save me.
c0000145
Do I seem like that
nice of a person to you?
c0000146
Oh, no. Not a bit.
c0000147
But at the end of the day,
c0000148
that doesn't mean
a thing, does it?
c0000149
You wouldn't take my bottle.
c0000150
That told me just about
everything I needed to know.
c0000151
♪
c0000152
You don't want to be the reason
anyone dies, correct?
c0000153
I caught on
and created a situation
c0000154
where my blood would undeniably
be on your hands.
c0000155
♪
c0000156
So thank you for that,
four-eyes.
c0000157
I continue to learn
more and more
c0000158
about you each day.
c0000159
I see. Good for you, I suppose.
c0000160
So, are you able
to empathize with me yet?
c0000161
Not quite.
c0000162
You're stuck with me
a little while longer.
c0000163
♪
c0000164
[FRIEREN] We're getting close.
c0000165
I doubt we have much farther
until we reach the bottom.
c0000166
[FERN] Look, Mistress Frieren.
c0000167
There are stairs over there.
c0000168
Fern.
c0000169
Quick. The map, please.
c0000170
Hm?
c0000171
I'm pretty sure that
we've fully explored
c0000172
this floor already.
c0000173
We must've missed it,
c0000174
but there's a hidden room
behind here.
c0000175
There's probably
treasure inside.
c0000176
I can feel it in my stomach.
c0000177
There's a rare grimoire
in there biding its time
c0000178
until a new owner
stumbles across it.
c0000179
[FERN] I don't know.
c0000180
We didn't see anything
that resembled an entrance,
c0000181
hidden or otherwise.
c0000182
[FRIEREN] Fair observation.
c0000183
[SENSE] Huh.
[FERN] Huh.
c0000184
But get a look
at this structure.
c0000185
I'm positive
there's a space here
c0000186
that's being hidden away.
c0000187
♪
c0000188
[rumbling]
c0000189
[Fern gasps]
c0000190
[rumbling]
c0000191
[clattering]
c0000192
-[gasps]
-[rumbling]
c0000193
[Frieren chuckles]
c0000194
[Frieren humming]
c0000195
♪
c0000196
[FERN] Huh!
c0000197
Well done, Mistress Frieren!
c0000198
This is incredible!
c0000199
♪
c0000200
[SENSE] It depicts
the achievements of the king
c0000201
buried in this tomb.
c0000202
I've never seen
such a pristine mural
c0000203
of the Unified Dynasty era.
c0000204
-It's a masterpiece.
-[gasps]
c0000205
[SENSE]
And a valuable discovery.
c0000206
♪
c0000207
It's truly magnificent.
c0000208
♪
c0000209
[FERN] I feel our progress
has been unnaturally smooth.
c0000210
Are we really going to pass
this test without incident?
c0000211
Luck has been good thus far.
c0000212
Why are you all not
charging forward to victory?
c0000213
Structurally speaking,
the bottom of the labyrinth
c0000214
should be just beyond
this hall behind us.
c0000215
I sense a but.
c0000216
But that thing has been
playing sentry for half a day.
c0000217
Ah. This is getting
interesting.
c0000218
Precisely how conquering
a dungeon ought to be.
c0000219
A perfect replica in every way?
c0000220
I admit the creature
has observed and matched
c0000221
my strength
rather impressively.
c0000222
Between vanquishing your double
c0000223
and coming to terms
with failure,
c0000224
I certainly know
what I'd prefer.
c0000225
Any clues to help me
along that path?
c0000226
Let's think a moment.
c0000227
It seems to have recreated
all the other aspects
c0000228
of the flesh and blood version.
c0000229
So its flaws and weaknesses
should be the same as mine.
c0000230
Restraint or hypnosis magic
would be our best bet.
c0000231
Your strength is clear.
c0000232
There's no overpowering you.
c0000233
You do have a point,
c0000234
but I'm resistant
to both of those.
c0000235
They may still create
a slight opening
c0000236
in its defenses.
c0000237
You would be able to use
c0000238
that split second
of insecurity to defeat it.
c0000239
Methode.
c0000240
You're good
at that sort of trickery.
c0000241
I'll try, although good
might be an overstatement.
c0000242
Excuse me a moment.
c0000243
♪
c0000244
It is just as you suspected.
c0000245
The restraint spell
doesn't do a thing.
c0000246
[FRIEREN] You smell pretty.
c0000247
[METHODE] Barring
a large difference in mana,
c0000248
there are precious few reasons
why it wouldn't work.
c0000249
Miss Frieren. Look here.
c0000250
Please remain fixated
on my eyes.
c0000251
♪
c0000252
Doesn't appear hypnosis
magic will work either.
c0000253
Miss Frieren's mental defenses
c0000254
are far too strong
to penetrate.
c0000255
-[groans]
-Goodness me.
c0000256
So, you weren't hyperbolizing
c0000257
your resistance
after all, then.
c0000258
I should say,
c0000259
while the construction
of her defenses
c0000260
is solid and complex,
c0000261
the technique itself
is rather antiquated.
c0000262
If we had a specialist
in hypnosis,
c0000263
they could look
for its vulnerabilities.
c0000264
Is there such a specialist
among the test-takers?
c0000265
Hm?
c0000266
Huh.
c0000267
Edel the second-class mage
may be suited for the job.
c0000268
While she's formidable
in her area of expertise,
c0000269
she has no combat abilities.
c0000270
Honestly, I'm not sure
she could make it this far.
c0000271
For those less familiar
with hypnosis magic,
c0000272
it's important to note
that it can only work
c0000273
on targets that have minds.
c0000274
At this point,
it's still unclear
c0000275
if the replicas have
recreated those, too.
c0000276
Hm.
c0000277
There simply remains
too much we don't know.
c0000278
Edel. What do you
think that is?
c0000279
Please. Like I'd know.
c0000280
Truth is, whatever it may be
c0000281
isn't as important
as what it can do,
c0000282
given the fact we're dealing
with a foe as strong as Sense.
c0000283
Concealing our mana
and hiding away
c0000284
can only buy us time.
c0000285
We will have to defeat it.
c0000286
Do you really think
that's a possibility?
c0000287
I mean, I would be worthless.
c0000288
And neither you nor Dunste
can use the full scope
c0000289
of your power
tucked in this dungeon.
c0000290
The modern magic's that
we've studied and mastered
c0000291
are ill-suited
for dungeon combat.
c0000292
When they cleared
dungeons en masse
c0000293
before the Demon King's defeat,
c0000294
I doubt they considered
that consequence.
c0000295
[grunts]
c0000296
To rely on powerful
defensive spells
c0000297
in combat is to eat away mana.
c0000298
Thus, most attack spells
utilize natural objects
c0000299
already on the scene.
c0000300
Combat mages thrive
c0000301
when they have
something to manipulate.
c0000302
As quintessentially magical
c0000303
as making something
out of nothing might sound,
c0000304
it's a far better tactical move
c0000305
to be resourceful
with what you have.
c0000306
Just watch that creature.
c0000307
See? It does the job
fairly well in that regard.
c0000308
Its hair is infused
with multiple layers of magic.
c0000309
So, you can assume it has
countless ways to fight,
c0000310
even inside this
near resource-less dungeon.
c0000311
♪
c0000312
As I see it, there's no way
to defeat that thing.
c0000313
Magic is a realm
of imagination.
c0000314
By the looks of it,
the enemy before us
c0000315
can individually wield
every last hair on its head
c0000316
in a way that is both unique
and unpredictable.
c0000317
Creativity and planning
in that capacity
c0000318
would require no less
than a superhuman imagination,
c0000319
making it a far greater mage
than any of us.
c0000320
It's no less than a miracle
c0000321
we've managed
to evade it for this long.
c0000322
[Dunste sighs]
c0000323
[EDEL] I'm comfortable
in saying we gave it our all.
c0000324
We should be
self-aware enough
c0000325
to know we aren't fighters.
c0000326
Our time has come.
c0000327
More than that, I'm terrified
and want to go home.
c0000328
Edel.
c0000329
Is there no chance
your voice could work on it?
c0000330
It's true that hypnosis magic
has been the business
c0000331
of my family
for a while now,
c0000332
but it's going to be impossible
to meet the conditions needed
c0000333
to give it more
sophisticated commands.
c0000334
At best, I could create
an opening for you
c0000335
to move in
by willing it to kneel.
c0000336
Even then, I'd have to make
eye contact and speak to it.
c0000337
I'm hearing
it's not impossible.
c0000338
That's all assuming the replica
has a mind, of course.
c0000339
How long do we need
to hold the beast off?
c0000340
Just 15 seconds.
c0000341
More time would be great,
but that won't happen.
c0000342
[BLEI] What do you
mean by that?
c0000343
[EDEL] You're about
to find out.
c0000344
-[thuds]
-[Blei gasps]
c0000345
[rumbling]
c0000346
[Blei grunts]
c0000347
[claps]
c0000348
[thudding]
c0000349
[shatters]
c0000350
[grunts]
c0000351
Cast your defensive magic
with full coverage.
c0000352
[BLEI] Huh?
c0000353
[EDEL] In the world
of modern magic,
c0000354
there are two ways to overcome
a defensive spell in combat.
c0000355
Either you can hit it
with enough might,
c0000356
or you can find a way
to slip through.
c0000357
Most who utilize high volume
attacks do the latter.
c0000358
[clanging]
c0000359
I'm surprised.
c0000360
It's trying to do
both of those techniques.
c0000361
These drills are likely
as heavy as boulders.
c0000362
I thought 15 seconds
was a safe enough estimate
c0000363
of how long we would be
able to maintain our defenses.
c0000364
I now see even half of that
would've been too much to ask.
c0000365
Seems we made
eye contact anyway.
c0000366
I find the better the mage,
c0000367
the more closely
they watch their opponent.
c0000368
Kneel!
c0000369
[gasps]
c0000370
[thuds]
c0000371
[EDEL] Well, that's that.
c0000372
I understand.
c0000373
It has no mind.
c0000374
It's just precisely mimicking
c0000375
the functions
of the original's.
c0000376
There's no point in trying.
c0000377
We cannot beat it.
c0000378
[grunts]
c0000379
You must borrow
the strength of another.
c0000380
Go! Run as quickly as you can
c0000381
and find a fighter
to depend on.
c0000382
As I said, our time has come.
c0000383
Mine especially.
c0000384
I value my life.
I'm going home.
c0000385
[glass shatters]
c0000386
[thuds]
c0000387
[thudding]
c0000388
My. Very convenient, huh?
c0000389
It even ensures my safety
on the way out.
c0000390
[creaking]
c0000391
[Blei grunts]
c0000392
Well, you heard her. Run!
c0000393
-[groans]
-[crackling]
c0000394
What a test!
c0000395
I'm not sure there's anyone
c0000396
who could safely
reach the bottom,
c0000397
fighter or not.
c0000398
Like I told you. [grunts]
c0000399
It was never that
twisted mage's intention
c0000400
for anyone to pass.
c0000401
♪
c0000402
[FRIEREN] We lack
the information
c0000403
to make a conclusion.
c0000404
We should consider
the possibility
c0000405
that it doesn't have a mind.
c0000406
The only way to defeat it
may well be with brute force.
c0000407
Think you can do that?
c0000408
Uh, who can say?
c0000409
Hm.
c0000410
♪
c0000411
[thud]
c0000412
Huh. They're no joke.
c0000413
Unlike with real folks,
c0000414
it's impossible to tell
what they're thinking.
c0000415
[metal clank]
c0000416
♪
c0000417
[WIRBEL]
But just like I thought,
c0000418
this matchup isn't half bad.
c0000419
♪
c0000420
[grunts]
c0000421
[WIRBEL] Ehre's tough,
c0000422
and in a simple clash of mana,
c0000423
she crushes both me and Scharf.
c0000424
[slashing]
c0000425
[chuckles]
c0000426
[WIRBEL] No worries...
c0000427
because I know how to win.
c0000428
♪
c0000429
[WIRBEL] Just name the foe.
c0000430
I can crush anyone anywhere.
c0000431
[grunts]
c0000432
Another battle of force. Grand.
c0000433
Um. If that's our plan,
c0000434
it might have to be me.
c0000435
I may be able to kill
Mistress Frieren.
c0000436
[METHODE] Huh?
[DENKEN] Huh?
c0000437
Oh?
c0000438
[FERN] Yes.
c0000439
Good.
c0000440
Let the strategizing begin.
c0000441
[HIMMEL] We have
the bulk of it figured out.
c0000442
[RICHTER] So, you had
some information.
c0000443
[KANNE] Don't you think
you should apologize?
c0000444
[LAWINE] They don't
have any weaknesses.
c0000445
[DENKEN] This is Frieren's
fatal vulnerability.